returning home to what little is
left Palestinians in the alasi area of
Gaza City are surveying the scale of
Destruction for the first time since the
Israeli military announced a withdrawal
from small pockets in the bes
strip remnants of their lives are
scattered throughout the wreckage what
hasn't been destroyed is the unflinching
resilience and loyalty to a land that
holds their history their stories and
their future the mar
all our properties have been destroyed
we are all innocent defenseless
civilians we have nothing to do with
Hamas or the resistance they are trying
to transfer us the goal of Israel is to
force us to go somewhere else we will
never leave our land we will never go
anywhere rights groups estimate More
than 70% of residential homes in the
Gaza Strip have been heavily damaged or
destroyed that's around
132,000 buildings the UN says around
650,000 Palestinians will have no home
to return to when the war ends debris
from the mass destruction is expected to
exceed 8 million metric tons and take
about 3 years to
remove as well as residential buildings
schools government offices and health
facilities run by un agencies have been
leveled or are Beyond repair the task of
rebuilding seems overwhelming but
Palestinians say they are
undeterred I will stay here until I die
I am steadfast we will never leave our
land it is the occupation that will
leave our land one day sooner or
later like many in Gaza this
neighborhood has been destroyed but for
the people who live here this land will
always be their home no matter how many
times they need to rebuild and begin
their lives again Imran Alan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer